# How brain thinking:
- Craves novelty.
  Always searching, scanning, waiting for someting unusual.
- Deal **routine, ordinary, normal things**
  - can to stop them from interfering with the brains's real job --- recording things that matter
  - doesn't bother saving the boring things

# How does brain remember things:
- Slow tedious way
  - Sheer repetition
  - Brain thinks "This doesn't fell important to him, but he keeps looking at the same thing over and over, so I suppose it must be."  
- Fast way
  - Do anything that increases bran activity, espically different types of brain activity.
  - "In a conversating", use pictures

# Bend your brain
1. Slow down. The more you understand, the less you have to memorize.
  The more deeply you force your brain to think, the better chance you have of learning and remembering
2. Do the exercises. Write your own notes.
  **Use a pencil.**. There's plenty of evidence that physical activity while learning can increase the learning.
3. Make reading book the lasting you do before bed. Or at least the last challenging thing.
  - Part of learning (especially the transfer to long-term memory) happens after you put the book down. Your brain needs time on its own, to do more processing. 
  - If you put in something new during that processing time, some of what you just learned will be lost
4. Talk about it. Out loud.
  - Speking activates a different part of the brain. If you're trying to understand something, or increase your chance of remembering it later, say it out loud. 
  - Better still, try to explain it out loud to someone else. You'll learn more quickly, and you might uncover ideas you hadn't known were there when you were reading about it.
5. Drink water. Lots of it.
  - Your brain works best in a nice bath of fluid.
  - Dehydration (Which can happen before you ever fell thirsty) decreases congnitive function.
6. Listen to your brain
  - Pay attentionto whether your brain is getting overloaded. 
  - If you find yourelf starting to skim the surface or forget what you just read, it's time for a break. 
  - Once you go past a certain point, you won't learn fast by trying to shove morein, and you might even hurt the process
7. Feel something
  - Your brain needs to know that this matters. Get onvolved with the stories. Make up your own captions for the photo. 
  - Groaning over a bad joke is still better than feeling nothing at all.
8. Get your hands dirty.
  There's only one way to learn data analysis: get your hands dirty. And that's what you're going to do throughout this book. Data analysis is a skill, and the only way to get good at it is to proactice. We're going to give you a lot of practice: every chapter has exercises that pose a problem for you to solve. Don't just skip over them --- a lot of the learning happens when you solve when you solve the exercises. We included a solution to each exercises.---dont' be afraind to peed at the solution if you get stuck!(it's easy to get snagged on somthing small.) But try to solve the problem bdfre you look at the solution. And definitely get it working before you move on to the next part of the book. 
