# My answer
- Your client's beliefs
  1. Let tween girls buy more moisture, they are target group. (The same✅)
  2. Ads and social are both important, but which one is more useful is unkown. (Almost the same✅)
  3. Competitors are ahead of us. (The same✅)
  4. Increase gross sales should follows target sales
- Your thoughts on the data
  1. When social spending increases. Sales also increase
  2. First two month sales both follow target sale.红字更正，but sales are way off their target and began diverging in November (Lose sth❌)
  3. When propagandistic method doesn't cahnge, sales also doesn't change a lot(分析角度不同，我看长线，宣传方式不变，销售额也不变。书用Oct与Nov进行对比，差额较大❗️要注意及大数的变化，不要认为是偶然现象忽略)
  4. Cutting down unit price doesn't influence much on sales(The same✅)
  5. 红字更正，漏掉缓慢发展趋势的观察 (Lose sth❌)
  
# Book answer
- Your client's beliefs
  1. MoisturePlus customers are tween girls (where tweens are people aged 11-15). They're bascially thee only customer group.
  2. Acme is trying out reallocating expenses from advertisements to social networking, but so far, the success of the initiative is unknown.
  3. Acme's competitors are extremely dangerous.
  4. We see no limit to potential sales growth among tween girls
- Your thoughts on the data
  1. Sales are slightly up in February compared to September, but kind of flat
  2. Sales are way off their target and began diverging in November
  3. Cutting ad expenses may have hurt Acme's ability to keep pace with sales targets.
  4. Cutting the prices does not seem to have helped sales keep pace with targets.
